EXT. Driveway - 5:00 PM

Bonobo Jackson, who is currently going through a brutal divorce,
pulls into his driveway after work clearly disheveled and exhausted.
His hair is a ruffled mess and his tie has come loosely undone atop his business formal
collared shirt and khakis. He puts his keys in his mouth as he clumsily carries
his water bottle, backpack etc. to the door, with both his hands full he clumsily 
fumbles the keys into the door and opens it up.

INT. KITCHEN - 5:01 PM

Bonobo walks into the kitchen where his good friend who also happens to be
a physicist, Newton McBalls, is reading a physics textbook (Ideally Principia but
we'll work with whatever we find.) Newton is dressed, as always, in old timey 
clothes and with a powdered white wig, similar to Isaac Newton, famed physicist 
and virgin.

Bonobo
Thank you for watching the quintuplets so last minute,
Shiela was supposed to take them this week, but she dipped to go 
to a Mariachi convention with her new boyfriend and I didn't know who else
to call.

Newton McBalls
Don't worry about it, I understand the GRAVITY of the situation.

Bonobo
I just don't know what's got into Shiela since the divorce, she used to 
be such an involved mother but she keeps pulling stunts like this and
she has the audacity to take ME to court to get custody of the kids who
she keeps blowing off. I don't know how she thinks she's going to win this.

Newton McBalls
The OPTICS aren't looking too good for Shiela. The case isn't going to gain
any TRACTION.

Bonobo
Thanks man. I appreciate that, by the way were you able to fix the cradle for the kids?

Newton McBalls
Yes! and I made a few improvements!

Bonobo
Oh really

Newton McBalls
Your cradle is now...

EXT. BACKYARD - 5:06 PM
Newton is in the backyard, with an excited grin across his face, he is holding
up one of Bonobo's screaming baby's attached to a string, he then finishes his
sentence.

Newton McBalls
A Newtons cradle!

Newton drops the screaming baby, which then collides with the other babies dangling 
from strings (it's implied they are configured like a Newtons cradle) this isn't shown
onscreen). When the baby collides with the other baby the thud of the collisons and the 
synchronization of the screaming is timed similar to the motion of a Newtons cradle.
As the babies are colliding a horrified Bonobo looks on while his head moves back and forth
to the motion of the cradle, it cuts back and forth between Newton giving an approving 
thumbs up while Bonobo looks on in horror.

Fade to black